Wizard: blog post, docs and agent-based onboarding (#11318)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/envoy-wizard-llm-agent.md

---
date: 2025-04-23
title: "Join the LLM coding agent revolution for $0"
author:
  - danilo-campos
category: General
tags:
    - Product updates
---

AI agents are taking over the workflows of software development. They can burn through boilerplate and tedium fast, getting working prototypes up in minutes.

The first problem with LLM codegen: there are so many stupid ways to build software.

When an agent sets out to write code, it has many viable paths to both solve the problem and introduce mistakes. Mistakes are especially common for newer, upstart projects.

Scale is one way to compensate: fill the training set with enough statistical weight that favors correct implementations, you’re less likely to see the boneheaded stuff.

But that’s a lot of effort, plus significant lag time, and you want correct agent behavior *today*.

The second problem with LLM codegen: it's very expensive. So what if you could join this revolution in software development without constructing an elaborate donation machine to Anthropic's coffers?

> You can! Build an **envoy**: software you control that developers can inject into their agent sessions with just a prompt.

Author: Made it up!

Needed something to be a parallel analogy for "agent," and envoy gives us a thing that "goes out to meet the agent," eh? Thanks man, glad you're vibing with it. Design patterns need names.

---

> title: "Join the LLM coding agent revolution for $0"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Please steal this code"
```

Author: "Steal this **AI** code" so folks know from a distance what's up

date: 2025-04-23
author:
  - danilo-campos
featuredImage: >-

>   https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog.com/contents/images/blog/posthog-engineering-blog.png

Reviewer: if we like the headline idea, we could use a thiefhog. I'm pretty sure we have one in our library already, so we could throw something together pretty easily.

Author: YES

Author: done

featuredImageType: full
tags:
    - Engineering
---

AI agents are taking over the workflows of software development. They can burn through boilerplate and tedium fast, getting working prototypes up in minutes.

The first problem with LLM codegen: there are so many stupid ways to build software.

When an agent sets out to write code, it has many viable paths to both solve the problem and introduce mistakes. Mistakes are especially common for newer, upstart projects.

Scale is one way to compensate: fill the training set with enough statistical weight that favors correct implementations, you’re less likely to see the boneheaded stuff.

But that’s a lot of effort, plus significant lag time, and you want correct agent behavior *today*.

> The second problem with LLM codegen: it's very expensive. So what if you could join this revolution in software development without constructing an elaborate donation machine to Anthropic's coffers?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second problem? It's super expensive. 

It often feels like joining this revolution means constructing an elaborate donation machine to Anthropic's coffers – much love to those folks, btw.

But, I have good news. You can join this revolution in a way that won't drain your bank account. How? By building an **envoy**. Let me explain...
```

> You can! Build an **envoy**: software you control that developers can inject into their agent sessions with just a prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is an envoy?

An **envoy** (and yes, I am just making this name up, but I think it's cool!) is software you control that developers can inject into their agent sessions with just a prompt.
```

> See, **these agents can run terminal commands**, so any CLI-based program can adopt this pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And here's the thing: **these agents can run terminal commands**, so any CLI-based program can adopt this pattern.
```

With this deterministic surface introduced to the agent workflow, you can reliably and predictably:

- Enforce progression conditions, not moving to another step until requirements are satisfied  
- Enforce correct versioning
- Use API interactions to populate account secrets and other details, while enforcing good version control hygiene  
- Introduce specific fragments of code verbatim
- Inject up-to-date documentation and agent rules into the project to course-correct future agent sessions  
- Do your own LLM-based transformations on code, using prompts, context and model versions that are known to be reliable for your goals
- Enjoy same-day updates to agent workflows, just like the rest of your software

> Think of it like a sheepdog that keeps the agent session within a territory that is productive rather than stupid, adhering to best practices **you** as a developer can describe in code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Think of it like a sheepdog that keeps the agent session within a territory that is productive rather than stupid, adhering to best practices **you** as a developer can describe in code.

Naturally, we're building our own envoy already. It's still an alpha, but it's already very cool and we have big plans for it.
```

From here, anyone using an AI agent can copy and paste one prompt and get a working integration in about 90 seconds. It’s the best of both worlds:

- No hallucinations of API keys  
- No out of date patterns  
- Full vibe coding cruise control

We can ship as many updates to the wizard as fast as we like, and the improved behavior will be available to developers who use agents instantly, with no other configuration.

Try it yourself. Paste this into the agent chat for Cursor, Bolt, and others:

```Agent
Let's integrate PostHog. Run the following command; don't write any code until it completes:

npx --yes @posthog/wizard@latest --default --region us
```

We’ve got support for Next.js, React, Svelte, and React Native, with others coming soon.

## Steal this code

Our [Joshua Snyder](https://posthog.com/community/profiles/32497) has been working hard to increase the surface of the wizard and make it more reliable. The code is tidy, and it even shows you how to integrate PostHog into a node-based CLI tool.

We get reporting on completed wizard runs alongside all the rest of our data. It's awesome.

> [Fork the wizard] and use it as your own starting place for an envoy. You just don't have to spend a lot of money to get into the coding agent mix. 

Reviewer: We should probably include / emphasize that it's MIT licensed (assuming that's the case)

Author: agreed and it is!
